Adding initial docs for the new import/export (#426)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Content_Management_Guide/topics/Using_ISS.adoc

* Ensure that the export directory has free storage space to accommodate the export.
* Ensure that the `/var/lib/pulp/exports` directory has free storage space equivalent to the size of the repositories being exported for temporary files created during the export process.
* Ensure that you set download policy to *Immediate* for all repositories within the Content View you export.
For more information, see xref:Importing_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[].
* Ensure that you synchronize Products that you export to the required date.

.To Export a Content View Version:

. List versions of the Content View that are available for export:
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----

# hammer content-view version list --organization=export-org --content-view=view
---|----------|---------|-------------|-----------------------
ID | NAME     | VERSION | DESCRIPTION | LIFECYCLE ENVIRONMENTS
---|----------|---------|-------------|-----------------------
5  | view 3.0 | 3.0     |             | Library
4  | view 2.0 | 2.0     |             |
3  | view 1.0 | 1.0     |             |
---|----------|---------|-------------|----------------------

----

.Export the version of a Content View.

> Get the version number of desired version. In the case below we are interested in fully exporting version `1.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the version number of desired version. In the case below we are interested in fully exporting version `1.0`.
```
```suggestion
Get the version number of desired version. The following example targets version `1.0` for export.
```

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export complete version --content-view=view --version=1.0 --organization=export-21527

> [.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................] [100%]
> Generated /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/view/1.0/2021-02-25T18-59-26-00-00/metadata.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
We don't expose the output in docs unless it is complex and vital to work with for the next step.

----

. Verify that the archive containing the exported version of a Content View is located in the export directory:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# ls -lh /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/view/1.0/2021-02-25T18-59-26-00-00/

> total 49M
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 49M Feb 25 18:59 export-f8c5e34a-bc16-4ba8-8e87-a2810e453d17-20210225_1859.tar.gz
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 333 Feb 25 18:59 export-f8c5e34a-bc16-4ba8-8e87-a2810e453d17-20210225_1859-toc.json
> -rw-r--r--. 1 root root 360 Feb 25 18:59 metadata.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove output

----

. You would need all the 3 files ie the `tar.gz` archive file, the `toc.json` and `metadata.json` to be able to import.

.Export with chunking

In many cases the exported archive content may be several gigabytes in size. We may want to split it smaller sizes or chunks. We can use the `--chunk-size-mb` flag directly in the export command to handle this. In the example below we specify `--chunk-size-mb=10` to split the archives in `10 MB` chunks.

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export complete version --content-view=view --version=1.0 --organization=export-21527 --chunk-size-mb=10

> [.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................] [100%]
> Generated /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/view/1.0/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/metadata.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Remove output

# ls -lh  /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/view/1.0/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/

> total 49M
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  10M Feb 25 21:15 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0000
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  10M Feb 25 21:15 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0001
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  10M Feb 25 21:15 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0002
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  10M Feb 25 21:15 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0003
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 8.4M Feb 25 21:15 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0004
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  909 Feb 25 21:15 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115-toc.json
> -rw-r--r--. 1 root root  360 Feb 25 21:15 metadata.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

----

.Incremental Export

Exporting complete versions can be a very expensive operation in terms of space and resources. Content view versions that have multiple RHEL trees may occupy several gigabytes of the space on {ProjectServer}.

{ProjectServer} offers *Incremental Export* to help with this scenario. *Incremental Export* exports only things that changed from the previously exported version. These would be typically smaller than the full exports. In the example below we will incrementally export version `2.0`. Since we have already exported version `1.0` in earlier calls this would only include things that changed between version `1.0` and `2.0`

----
# hammer content-export incremental version --content-view=view --version=2.0 --organization=export-21527

> [............................................................................................................................................................................................................] [100%]
> Generated /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/view/2.0/2021-02-25T21-45-34-00-00/metadata.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Remove output

# ls -lh /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/view/2.0/2021-02-25T21-45-34-00-00/

> total 20M
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 20M Feb 25 21:45 export-ab5b4c58-51eb-49e4-8484-9ff2ea50c122-20210225_2145.tar.gz
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 333 Feb 25 21:45 export-ab5b4c58-51eb-49e4-8484-9ff2ea50c122-20210225_2145-toc.json
> -rw-r--r--. 1 root root 482 Feb 25 21:45 metadata.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

----

=== Examining the exports

You can query on the exports that you previously have created via the `hammer content-export list` command.

----

> hammer content-export list --organization=export-21527

Reviewer: This isn't a procedure so it shouldn't have a heading, please add this command to the end of the exporting procedure.

To import a Content View, ensure that the {ProjectServer} where you want to import meets the following conditions:

> ifeval::["{build}" == "satellite"]

Reviewer: This looks to me to still be relevant for disconnected scenarios. How else will they manage?

For more information, see xref:Importing_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[]

.Procedure

. Copy the archived file with the exported Content View version to the `/var/lib/pulp/imports` directory on the {ProjectServer} where you want to import.

> . Set the permission of the archive files to `pulp:pulp`.
> +
> [subs="+quotes"]
> ----
> # chown -R pulp:pulp /var/lib/pulp/imports/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/
> # ls -lh  /var/lib/pulp/imports/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the SELinux permission of the archive files to `pulp:pulp`.
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----
# chown -R pulp:pulp /var/lib/pulp/imports/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/
----
+
. Verify that the SELinux permission change occurs: 
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----
# ls -lh  /var/lib/pulp/imports/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/
```

One command per step.

> total 49M
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  10M Mar  1 22:19 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0000
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  10M Mar  1 22:19 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0001
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  10M Mar  1 22:19 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0002
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  10M Mar  1 22:19 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0003
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 8.4M Mar  1 22:19 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115.tar.gz.0004
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  909 Mar  1 22:19 export-fb548099-7931-4f16-a7b9-7cb47b885037-20210225_2115-toc.json
> -rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp  360 Mar  1 22:19 metadata.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Remove output

----
+
. On the {ProjectServer} where you want to import, create a Content View with the same name and label as the exported Content View with the `Import Only` option set.
For more information, see xref:Managing_Content_Views-Creating_a_Simple_Content_View_CLI[].
. Ensure that you enable the repositories that the Products in the exported Content View version include.
For more information, see xref:Importing_Content-Selecting_Red_Hat_Repositories_to_Synchronize[].
. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Products*, click the *Yum content* tab and add the same `Yum` content that the exported Content View version includes.

> . Identify the Content View that you wish to import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Identify the Content View that you want to import
```

+
[subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-view list --organization=import-20639
----------------|---------------------------|--------------------------------------|-----------|---------------------|---------------
CONTENT VIEW ID | NAME                      | LABEL                                | COMPOSITE | LAST PUBLISHED      | REPOSITORY IDS
----------------|---------------------------|--------------------------------------|-----------|---------------------|---------------
4               | Default Organization View | 6e13cfca-cfb3-4870-9d8b-3bdc0caf97c9 | false     | 2021/03/01 22:50:10 |
5               | view                      | view                                 | false     |                     |
----------------|---------------------------|--------------------------------------|-----------|---------------------|---------------
+
----
. To import the Content View version to {ProjectServer}, enter the following command:
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-import version --content-view=view \
                                --organization=import-20639 \
                                --path=/var/lib/pulp/imports/2021-02-25T21-15-22-00-00/

> [............................................................................................................................................................................................................] [100%]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove output

----
+

> Note you must enter the full path `/var/lib/pulp/imports/<path>`. Relative paths do not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you must enter the full path `/var/lib/pulp/imports/<path>`. Relative paths do not work.
```

+
. To verify that you import the Content View version successfully, list Content Views for your organization:
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-view version list --content-view=view \
                                   --organization=import-20639
---|----------|---------|-------------|-----------------------
ID | NAME     | VERSION | DESCRIPTION | LIFECYCLE ENVIRONMENTS
---|----------|---------|-------------|-----------------------
7  | view 1.0 | 1.0     |             | Library
---|----------|---------|-------------|-----------------------
----

[[Using_ISS-Exporting-Library]]
=== Exporting a Content View Version

> You can export contents of all yum repositories in the Library environment of an Organization to an archive file from {ProjectServer} and use this archive file to create the same repositories in another {ProjectServer} or on another {ProjectServer} organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export contents of all Yum repositories in the Library environment of an organization to an archive file from {ProjectServer} and use this archive file to create the same repositories in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.
```

The exported archive file contains the following data:

* A JSON file containing Content View version metadata

> * An archive file containing all the repositories from the Library environment of the Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An archive file containing all the repositories from the Library environment of the organization.
```

> {ProjectServer} exports only RPM and kickstart files added to a version of a Content View.

Reviewer: What is this trying to say? 

x exports only the RPM and kickstart files that are included in the Content Vew version? 

Or x exports only the RPM and kickstart files to a version of a Content View?

Author: More `x exports only the RPM and kickstart files that are included in the Content Vew version`. Should I just change this to
```suggestion
{ProjectServer} exports only RPM and kickstart files included in a Content View  version.
```

Reviewer: LGTM

{Project} does not export the following content:

* Puppet content
* Docker content
* OSTree content

.Prerequisites

> To export a contents of Library lifecycle envionment of the Organization, ensure that the {ProjectServer} where you want to export meets the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export a contents of Library lifecycle envionment of the organization, ensure that the {ProjectServer} where you want to export meets the following conditions:
```

* Ensure that the export directory has free storage space to accommodate the export.
* Ensure that the `/var/lib/pulp/exports` directory has free storage space equivalent to the size of the repositories being exported for temporary files created during the export process.
* Ensure that you set download policy to *Immediate* for all repositories within the Library lifecycle environment you export.
For more information, see xref:Importing_Red_Hat_Content-Configuring_Download_Policies[].
* Ensure that you synchronize Products that you export to the required date.

.To Export the Library Content of an Organization:

> Get the organization name or id. In the case below we are interested in fully exporting organization ``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the organization name or ID to export. 
```

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export complete library --organization=export-21527

> [............................................................................................................................................................................................................] [100%]
> Generated /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/Export-Library/1.0/2021-03-02T03-35-24-00-00/metadata.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove output

----

. Verify that the archive containing the exported version of a Content View is located in the export directory:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# ls -lh /var/lib/pulp/exports/export-21527/Export-Library/1.0/2021-03-02T03-35-24-00-00
total 68M
-rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 68M Mar  2 03:35 export-1e25417c-6d09-49d4-b9a5-23df4db3d52a-20210302_0335.tar.gz
-rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 333 Mar  2 03:35 export-1e25417c-6d09-49d4-b9a5-23df4db3d52a-20210302_0335-toc.json
-rw-r--r--. 1 root root 443 Mar  2 03:35 metadata.json
----

> . You would need all the 3 files ie the `tar.gz` archive file, the `toc.json` and `metadata.json` to be able to import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You require all three files, for example, the `tar.gz`, the `toc.json` and the `metadata.json` file to be able to import.
```

> . Notice that a new Content View called `Export-Library` gets created in the Organization. This content view will contain all the repositories belonging to this organization. A new version of this content view is published and exported automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. A new Content View  **Export-Library** is created in the organization. This content view contains all the repositories belonging to this organization. A new version of this Content View is published and exported automatically.
```

-rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 333 Mar  2 04:29 export-1e25417c-6d09-49d4-b9a5-23df4db3d52a-20210302_0335-toc.json
-rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 443 Mar  2 04:29 metadata.json

----
+
. On the {ProjectServer} where you want to import, create/enable repositories the same name and label as the exported content.
. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Products*, click the *Yum content* tab and add the same `Yum` content that the exported Content View version includes.
. Identify the Organization that you wish to import into.
. To import the Library content to {ProjectServer}, enter the following command:
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-import library --organization=import-32158 \
                                --path=/var/lib/pulp/imports/2021-03-02T03-35-24-00-00
[............................................................................................................................................................................................................] [100%]
----
+
Note you must enter the full path `/var/lib/pulp/imports/<path>`. Relative paths do not work.
+

> . To verify that you imported the Libraryr Content successfully check the Contents of the Product and Repositories appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To verify that you imported the Library content, check the contents of the Product and Repositories.
```

> . Notice that a new content view called `Import-Library` is created in the importing organization. This content view is used to facilitate the library content import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new Content View called `Import-Library` is created in the target organization.
This Content View is used to facilitate the library content import.
```

This is not a step.
